SoupX removes ambient RNA contamination from droplet-based single-cell RNA sequencing data
https://academic.oup.com/gigascience/article/9/12/giaa151/6049831

The whole idea is to:
1. use low-UMIs droplets to sum-up and normalize the gene-expression to be a background expression pool
2. Select a set of genes that should only present in a subset cells from all the cells in the same experiment
3. For cells having non-low-UMIs:
	(a) Sum up the total number of transcripts in the cell across the selected genes
	(2) (Assume) This total number of transcripts should theoretically follow the same distribution as background gene-expression 
	(3) Then calculate a multiplier (termed as rho) based on this assumption. 
	(4) This calculated multiplier indicates rho-times of the background distribution is enclosed in the droplet together with the cell's native mRNA
	(5) Use the observed count minus this multiplier(rho) * UMIs-in-this-cell * probability-of-this-gene-in-the-background-gene-expression

Caveats: 
	1) Certainly choosing the set of genes has a large effect on final estimation. I believe the results vary very much
	   using differenct genes chosed. Even though it might be just a subset of the marker-genes should have much 
	   different contamination estimation results.
	2) The sequencing depth that varies mysteriously across genes is going to mess up estimation even more.

A process to automatically selecting genes is also provided in the paper. The idea is to select genes with pre-described criteria. 
But before this, they have to find those cells in which only a subset of the cells have a subset of the genes.
The way to find those cells is kinda weird and does not makes sense to me (see the attached screenshot).
It is weird in a way that they sum-up the p-values that come from the Poisson-null hypothesis constructed 
on gene against background gene-expression; the summed-up p-values is compared with 0.05 for significance 
of a cell being chosen to proceed to select genes...

